(ducks chirping)
Come on. Why aren't they
transferring to me?
I look just like you.
Maybe I don't
have the scent right.
A few weeks ago,
I found a nest of duck eggs.
I, uh...
I lovingly nursed them,
and then, uh,
by some...sick fluke,
Claire was the only one there
when the ducks were born,
so they imprinted
on her.
Oh, I didn't do it
on purpose.
Then make them
come back to me.
Mm.
(telephone rings)
Who's calling
at this hour?
(beep)
Hello?
Yes?
Luke's been arrested!
♪♪
(birds chirping)
Well,
good morning, Leonard.
Leonar--
I know it's not
my well-behaved son, Luke,
who'd never take our car out
without a license
and get arrested.
I took the car
for a good reason.
Sarah Fisher's cat died,
and she was devastated,
so I thought
she might make out with me.
I got caught two blocks away
from her house.
Everyone is having great luck
with girls except for me.
And I mean everyone.
(camera shutter clicks)
When is a tuba-strap rash
not a tuba-strap rash?
When it's hickeys.
You know, we're gonna have to
ground you,
and I was
thinking that --
Oh, we're doing
way more than that.
Landon has a $300 fine
to work off.
We could fight that --
say the cop was racist.
Even if we lose,
it'll start a conversation.
You made a mistake,
you pay the consequences, Levon.
Your first job
is cleaning out
the awesome village
I built for my ducks.
Aren't they Mom's ducks?
Do you really want to
test me right now?!
Well, you, sir,
take your time deciding.
We'll be here
just as sure as a coonhound
takes a summer nap
in the shade of a chifferobe.
Okay, now you're just randomly
throwing words together
from
To Kill a Mockingbird.
It was a boon year
for tomatoes on the farm,
or what we're calling...
Tomatogeddon.
So they made an extra-large
batch of Tucker's Famous,
and we're selling it
at the farmers' market.
Now,
when you say "famous" --
It's known Missouri-wide.
A death-row inmate requested it
for his last meal.
Well, at least
I'm trying to sell.
What is going on?
After buying
whatever they're selling,
I'm guessing people are
plum out of spending money.
Wait. No.
It's Andrew and Simon.
Thank you. Oh.
Hello.
Oh, hello!
Here to try our hand-caught
artisanal trout jerky?
-No.
-It's selling like hotcakes.
Actually, better.
See the vegan
hotcakes stand?
Next to
the bespoke honey stall.
We should be careful.
This market might be a trick
to get a whole bunch of white
people together in one spot.
I'm actually glad
you're here.
We're looking for
a new senior associate,
and I was gonna
call you.
Call me what?
A has-been?
"Mitch ado
about nothing"?
Why am I doing your work
for you?
Look, on a social level,
I find you hopeless,
but I always thought
you were a good lawyer --
maybe a great one
at the right firm.
Honey, did you bring
the other cash box?
This one's filled up.
Think about it.
Come on, Joe!
I don't want to learn!
But you have to learn!
And it's so easy.
Look, first,
you make the little man,
then you tie the rope
around its throat --
No!
Joe, don't worry about
tying your shoes.
That's for big boys.
Don't tell him
he can't.
He can't, but he'll be fine --
Kid has thick, beautiful hair.
-Can I get back to work now?
-You're working?
But it's not
between 10:00 and 2:00,
Monday through Thursday.
Well, I wasn't
gonna tell you guys,
'cause I knew
you'd make a big fuss,
but the Chamber of Commerce
is giving me
a Titans of Industry award.
They asked me to make a video
for the ceremony
about what drives me.
JAY: After 30 years
and over a hundred thousand
hanger rods installed,
some people
would kick back and relax.
Not me.
I'm Jay Pritchett.
(telephone rings)
Pritchett's Closets.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down!
How many closets do you need?
Yeah. I can handle that.
It's great.
I'm starting over.
Why?
You guys were bored,
and the video obviously
doesn't capture my essence.
You think that fellow titan
Ed Fisk, the Lion of Linoleum,
would make that mistake?
How big is this event?
Is there going to be
a red carpet?
No, but Red Murtaugh, of
Red's Carpets, will be there.
I'm walking with giants,
Gloria,
and that's a good way
to get stepped on.
(indistinct conversations)
Oh, there are two
over there.
Oh, good. For a second, I didn't
think we were gonna find...
Hey,
isn't that Beth and Andy?
Um, actually, uh,
those two are better.
But all those people
would be between us.
Yeah, but, you know,
we spent all day together.
I just --
Hey. Hey, you two.
Hey, Andy. Very cool
you're not fat anymore.
Hi!
Nice to see you guys!
We really should
go find seats before the m--
MAN:
Sit down, please.
(clank)
Ever since Andy got engaged,
things between us
have been weird.
Like "a woman with olive skin
trying to pull off red hair"
weird.
I just wanted to watch the movie
and get out of there
before it got awkward.
WOMAN:
I still think about you.
MAN: Me too.
But I'm with someone else now.
I made a commitment.
But do you
really love her?
Zombie!
(gunshot)
Got it!
Anyway, we really should have
told each other how we felt.
Nothing? Really?
I could not
get out of there fast enough.
What's the rush?
Sometimes they put
a funny skit thing
after all the names.
Hey. Guys, wait up.
You want to go grab a burger
and a beer next door?
Well, I --
I definitely do.
That movie brought up
so much for me.
Plus, I got to take my pill
with food.
Yeah, I'm not so sure --
You're coming.
Oh.
Maybe if you're there,
he won't try and do
his adorable British character
for the hostess.
Will you put this
in my veggie burger
and not tell me
where it is?
(beep)
Hey, Lloyd, it's your dad,
A.K.A. your worst nightmare.
Just reminding you
the duck village
needs to be clean enough
to eat off of.
You hear me?
You better not have.
You're not allowed to
use your phone.
Yep, I'm everywhere.
(beep)
You think maybe you're being
a bit hard on Luke?
We're his parents, Claire.
It's our job to keep him
off the stripper pole.
I actually like that he's being
a little bit rebellious.
Sometimes, between the magic
and the trampolining,
I think he's getting a little...
you know.
What are you trying to say,
Claire?
A little...me?
There it was again,
the insinuation that I'm not
dangerous enough for her.
Apparently, she's forgotten
I've been to jail.
I once led 20 violent inmates
in a therapeutic tumbling class.
It was a huge success.
Could I have made
the participation trophies
a little less stabby?
Sure.
But overall, a huge success.
When you say you're happy
about Luke being a rebel,
it sounds a little like
you're also saying...
Are you wearing my perfume?
It was to trick the ducks.
Oh.
But like I was saying --
Hey, is that Alex?
It is. That's weird.
She said she was gonna be
at school all weekend studying.
(beep)
(ringing)
Hello?
Hey, honey.
Hi! I'm here, too.
How are you doing, honey?
Oh, yeah, I'm good. I'm doing
some work. Really busy.
Well,
that's interesting, be--
Yeah, we've got a boring day
ahead of us, too.
Heading down to the impound lot
to pick up the car
because, yes, your brother
got arrested last night.
Oh! Okay.
Well, that's great.
Yeah, I really got to go.
I left my stuff in the library.
And I'm really worried
someone's gonna steal my snacks.
Okay, bye!
Why did you stop me?
I was gonna bust her.
What? In a little lie?
I mean, come on.
She's probably
visiting a friend
and she didn't want to
hurt our feelings.
She barely reacted when she
heard that Luke got arrested.
She's obviously
hiding something.
And now she's walking
into that liquor store.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
Now, this is serious.
A college student is visiting a
friend, and they're buying beer!
(gasps)
Relax, Phil.
This girl
has two patents.
What she needs
is two parents.
Okay, my point is, it wouldn't
hurt Alex to loosen up.
I mean, I'm worried that
she's getting a little...
There it is again.
Just say it, Claire --
You like
our kids running wild
'cause you're worried
they're too much
like their
namby-pamby dad,
Mr. Goody-goody,
mayor of Vanillatown.
Is this 'cause
the ducks like me better?
That is biological,
and you know it.
There are
videos of them online
following around
a vacuum cleaner.
They're basically idiots!
Oh, my God. Hang on.
She's getting into that van.
Oh, now we're concerned!
Yes, I'm concerned!
That is
a sketchy repair van
that is probably being driven
by some middle-aged pervert
with one long fingernail
that she met online.
(tires squeal)
Oh, my God, go! Follow them!
(sighs)
Thank you for lending us
Manny's easel.
Did everyone
love the sauce?
Well, if by "everyone"
you mean a thousand bees
and a pony that escaped
from the riding circle, yeah.
Oh, no --
Is this one of those
video wills where you make us
compete in a scavenger hunt
for your inheritance?
No. It's the video
for my Titan award.
I told you about it.
I'm trying to project
strength and confidence.
Maybe you should lose the
Garfield "I hate Mondays" mug
on the mantel.
Good catch.
I've waited my whole life
to hear you say those words.
Want to help me out here?
Yeah.
I needed the distraction.
I had spent enough of my day
obsessing over
Simon's job offer.
Plus, I don't know --
Seeing my big, strong dad reach
out to me in a vulnerable way,
it was --
it was kind of touching.
The red button!
How do you not see it?!
Before you got here, I was
turning it on with a broom!
Now just -- Forget it.
Let's get lunch.
If I could just --
Come with me!
Okay, hold the sauce in
your mouth, swirl it around --
really coat your tongue.
Now swallow.
Mmm!
Right?
Much better.
(chuckles)
Okay, Jay,
what you're gonna want to do
is hold the sauce
in your mouth, sw--
I know how eating works.
Not too shabby.
Thank you.
You know who else makes a mean
sauce is Gloria's dead aunt.
Oh.
Oh, there it is right there.
Try some. I'm telling you,
it's life-changing.
I don't think
we really need two sauces.
And sometimes,
when you have sauces from --
Now you eat.
Mm.
Oh, yeah, huh?
Oh. Oh, my God.
That is amazing.
Mmm.
It's a secret recipe
that has been in my family
for generations.
Was your sauce buried
in a local time capsule
during the bicentennial?
Because mine was.
My Great-Aunt Miranda was
the only one that could make it,
and because I
was the oldest girl
that didn't marry
a Peruvian,
the recipe
passed down to me.
Sauce me.
Right.
Ay, I don't have many things
that remind me of Colombia
here in the house,
but now I do.
Legend has it our sauce
was so secret,
it was only written down
one place.
We grew up eating this
every Sunday,
and now Manny and Joe will,
too.
It was tattooed backwards
on a lame stable boy.
You could only read it
in a mirror.
(sniffs)
Mm, can I see that recipe?
Uh, uh, well, I think it's
a little bit rude to read --
Ay!
You pushed my hand!
You've ruined it!
No!
No, no! I can dry it!
I can dry it!
No, now the ink's running.
Cam!
No, and now you have ruined
my great-uncle's napkins!
Does -- Okay, does everything
at this table have meaning?
Ohh.
Hey, sorry I'm late.
My new lady, Rachel,
needed help
picking a pair of shorts
to make her stepdad mad.
I wonder what's
more of a "screw you" --
you telling me that story or
that the ducks now stare at me
while they slowly
go to the bathroom?
Didn't you guys
have three ducks?
Yeah -- one, two...
Oh, no.
Uh-oh! Dude!
No, no, no,
no, no, no!
(scoffs)
Where did he go?
Hey, look, there's
a duck-call app we can use.
Oh, crap. Not her.
What happened
with this one?
Well, I was seeing her
for a while,
then she pulled
her shade down.
Classy. Get ready.
(ducks quacking)
Scatter!
Uh...uh...
What the hell
are you doing?
Are you taking pictures of me
sleeping in a bikini?
No! I was just trying to
lure that little duckling
back into
my friend's yard.
(gasps)
Oh, my God!
It's so cute!
Thank you.
You're adorable
for looking after him.
(duck chirping)
Hey, you know, I think I've
seen you around school before.
I'm Tammy.
Manny.
You have
got to be kidding me.
What drives
Jay Pritchett?
A desire
never to repeat himself.
Let me do that again.
What drives Jay Pritchett?
An Audi.
I'm gonna start with a joke?
I'm following Red Murtaugh.
The man's hilarious.
You've seen him be that baby
in his ads.
Just so you know,
the camera only has
11 hours of battery, so...
Let's see what we've got.
Yep.
Why do I look
so pale and sweaty?
Oh, well,
you're old and Irish.
Hey, um -- uh, Gloria, again,
I just want to say that I'm --
You're sorry?
You told me.
Yes, and, uh -- excuse me --
that it was an accident.
Was it?
Yes, of course.
I think.
I -- I don't know.
You have destroyed my children's
connection to their past,
and you might have done it
on purpose?
I'm sorry. Andrew humiliated me
today at the farmers' market,
and I've always been
sauce-competitive...
Look, just let me help you
re-create it.
I saw my aunt make it once
when I was 8 years old.
You think
I'm going to remember --
(car backfires in distance)
(gasps) Cilantro!
What?
That car backfiring,
it sounded like gunshots.
I remember when I was a little
girl in my aunt's kitchen,
and she started chopping
the cilantro really loud
so that we couldn't
hear the noise.
Yes, okay. Well,
what else do you remember?
Well, nothing, Cam.
It was 30 years ago.
No, the recipe is inside you!
It just needs to come out!
Mommy, I found it.
(pig oinking)
Lemon juice!
What?
Oh, see? I told you
it's just a matter of time!
(siren wails)
Capers, jalapeño,
and a dash of black pepper!
(gasps)
It's just so sad.
The guy decides to
spend the rest of his life
with some zombie
he doesn't love.
Your table is ready.
(British accent) Smashing!
-A bucket of chips --
-We're not doing that.
(normal voice) Okay.
Hey, um, real quick --
Why wasn't it more uncomfortable
for you to watch that movie?
Right. Because zombies
killed my parents.
Oh, never mind.
I forgot you can't have
an adult conversation.
No, okay, yes.
If -- If we would have watched
that movie a few months ago,
it would have been
really weird, but...
we're all good now,
right?
Oh, yeah.
No, I mean, I am good.
Dylan and I picked up
right where we left off.
I was just
checking on you.
'Cause for a while there,
you were getting a little, uh...
♪ Doot-doot, do-do-do-do,
doot-doot, do-do ♪
(chuckles) Yeah.
Beth stood by me.
Well, you know,
as close as she could.
Hmm.
That's when I knew
I was with the right person.
And --
And don't get me wrong --
I was --
I was pretty hung up on you.
(chuckles)
But once I got it down to
only one woman in my head,
I saw Beth
in a whole new way,
and we were able to
move forward.
That makes sense.
I'm happy for you.
(British accent) Look at us,
brother and sister,
separated from our mum...
Oh,
you're so good at that.
Hey,
what do you think about
inviting Haley and Dylan
to the wedding?
I love that idea.
And I love you
for having it.
Why do you think people
stopped saying "coinkydink"?
Dylan, um...
Oh, God.
You're breaking up with me
again, aren't you?
I'm sorry.
I just -- I --
I feel like Andy and Beth
and everyone in the world
are moving forward,
and we're moving
backward.
Actually,
we're stopping,
because I want to
get out of the car.
Dylan --
Stop!
I'm tired of
being jerked around.
Now I'm moving forward,
too.
Can't you at least
call an Uber?
You know they banned me for
talking too much to the drivers!
She's still not answering.
I can't believe we lost them.
We're almost home. I can track
her phone from the computer.
(as Claire) "I hope
you can track her phone
better than you tracked
that van."
I'm sorry, Claire.
Just 'cause I'm 1/64 Cherokee,
it doesn't make me
a natural tracker.
You realize I'm not
participating in this.
Well, you made it pretty clear
it was my fault we lost them
due to
my less-than-manly driving.
Oh, my God.
Yes, this again.
I'm not letting it go till you
admit that you wish I was a --
Phil, it's the van!
In my own house?!
Oh, no!
(tires screeching)
Okay, now, hang on.
Don't hold me back, Claire!
I may be
1/64 Cherokee,
but I'm also 63/64
crazy white guy!
Where is he?!
-Are you okay?
-What are you talking about?
-I-I-I'm fine.
-No, I'm sorry! I-I --
-You are now!
(grunts)
Reuben?
Oh, my God!
I killed Reuben!
Oh, babe?
What's going on?
That's blood.
In my defense, I didn't think
anyone would ever find out.
Stay with me, Reuben!
Okay,
so Reuben is the one
who picked you up
in the van?
Yes, it was his dad's --
Oh, my God!
Have you
been following me?
He's coming to.
He's gonna be fine.
No! No!
Don't try
and make this our fault.
You are the one who went to the
liquor store and bought -- what?
Ice.
Reuben sprained his hamstring
today while playing quidditch.
Honey, don't take this
the wrong way, but Reuben?
We're in love.
Oh, shut up.
No, no, no, keep talking!
Remember what happened
when you tripped and fell
right before we got here?
You know what?
Caltech is hard.
Between all the geniuses
and breaking up with Sanjay,
I just wanted
something comfortable,
even if it is a wormy little
dork that worships me.
Oh, honey, I understand.
Oh, like mother,
like daughter, I guess.
Okay.
He's gonna be fine.
Phil, come over here
and talk to me for a second.
Oh, okay.
Well, I guess we're done
with my thing already.
If I was ever stupid enough
to imply, for one second,
that you were not
bad boy enough for me,
I couldn't possibly think that
right now.
Because
I attacked a 16-year-old?
You didn't know
who was in that closet.
That's true.
Mm-hmm.
Look, he's up.
Okay, we're gonna
leave the two of you alone.
Oh, wait, wait, wait,
no, no, no.
Yeah, we're not gonna
tell anyone about this, right?
Forbidden love.
It's -- It's hotter that way.
Also,
I -- I had a-a-a wand.
Um...
I hate myself so much.
Mmm! It's good.
Of course it's good.
It's -- I'm sure -- o...kay.
Oh, my gosh.
It's glorious.
So much better
than mine.
Well, your sauce is --
Is garbage!
Mm-hmm.
It's mostly ketchup.
Gloria, this is
what we need to be selling
at the farmers' market.
We would have them lined up
clear down
past the cruelty-free
beaver-milk stand.
I would crush Andrew.
I cannot go back
to the farmers' market.
The year was 2011.
I had just come back
from Colombia
with a box full of our family's
homemade hair relaxer,
the Colombian Comb-Out.
Friday, I sold 50 bottles,
but Saturday...
It says on the bottle to
leave it in for three minutes!
No, it says,
"Leave in for three.
Minutes later,
you will look fantastic."
One, two, three,
comb it out.
Ay, I see how
it can be confusing.
If it's true,
as many people theorize,
that Stonehenge was,
in fact, a druid closet --
Mitchell.
Hmm?
Uh, oh. Oh, yeah.
Oh, good. We -- We got it!
What's with you?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I got this whole
work thing stressing me out.
It's your lucky day.
You have an audience
with a titan of industry
without having to buy
the $15-a-plate dinner ticket.
What's the issue?
Well, I got this job offer at
this really big firm, but, um...
I've actually,
uh, been thinking about
maybe starting
my own practice.
What's your gut tell you?
I don't know.
I-I would like to have my own
firm, but that's really scary.
But this other offer
is very attractive,
but I'd have to report
to this guy who I hate,
which, you know, might be
worth it for the job security --
Take the offer.
Really?
It takes a certain type
of personality
to run your own thing.
You have to be a fighter.
Well, this is fun.
You wanted
my honest opinion.
No, Cam! I said no.
The polar ice caps are melting,
gridlock in Washington --
America needs to
feel good again, Gloria.
-Let them taste your sauce.
-What's happening now?
He wants me to sell my sauce
at the farmers' market,
but I am
not interested.
-I agree with Gloria.
-Thank you so much.
Yeah, you crashed and burned
with the hair thing.
You need more
of that humiliation?
We don't know that
that would happen.
Disappearing middle class,
racial unrest...
You got a nice thing going here,
Gloria. Enjoy it.
What? You don't think
that I can do it?
No. No, he doesn't.
He thinks that he's the only
business titan in this family.
Nobody can tell me
what I can or cannot do.
I have some sauce
to sell.
And I'm gonna go
register my new firm right now.
And I'm gonna storm out,
too,
even though both of those things
actually make me very happy.
(beep)
(clears throat)
You want to know
what drove Jay Pritchett?
People telling me
I wasn't good enough.
There's something about
a person telling you
you can't do something.
Blood.
It just lights
the competitive fires...
...drives us to take risks...
...opens us up
to new opportunities...
Oh, hey, Sarah.
I'm sorry
about your cat.
I heard
you got arrested.
Everything I did, I did
to prove the naysayers wrong.
So, to everyone who didn't think
I was good enough --
Look, dad!
I tied my shoes!
Good job, Joe!
Ah.
...how do
you like me now?
Honey, I don't want to
go to this Titans dinner
any more than you do,
but we're gonna be late.
Phil.
Phil. Phil!
Dunphy.
What is going on?
I'm trying to
pay Luke's impound fee,
but this
automated phone system
doesn't understand
anything I'm saying.
Dun-phy.
"Dun-fee." Yes.
No! No!
Not Bill Dunphy.
We went over my first name
for 20 minutes!
Phil!
(door opens)
-- Captions by VITAC --